docs: clarify pip as a requirement (#289)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/getting-started/local_quickstart.md

This guide assumes you have already done the following: 

> 1. Installed [Python 3.9+][install-python] (including [pip][install-pip] and
>    something like [venv][install-venv] for managing dependencies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Installed [Python 3.9+][install-python] (including [pip][install-pip] and
   your preferred virtual environment tool for managing dependencies e.g. [venv][install-venv])
```
